welcome to slash forward in this episode
we'll be looking at the 1998 film the
faculty let's get to it we open up some
classic sporting scenes meatheads
pressure yelling and aggression after
practice the coach is busy showing the
sprinkler system who's boss what he has
mysterious confrontation with unknown
character we then transitioned to the
teachers lounge where everyone has a
pleasure of learning by how much their
favorite programs will be cut for the
benefit of the football team this is
after all a football town the group
begins the depressing walk to the
parking lot but Miss Drake forgot her
keys she's confronted in her office by
the coach who offers to show her a magic
trick concerned about what this wizard
may do next she runs off but finds the
door is secured with long chains so she
doubles back for her keys and heads to
the front door where she makes it out
just in time to be betrayed by mrs.
Olsen
the next morning starts off normal
enough with reckless driving drugs sexy
dudes basically everything teens like we
then meet our cast of misfits comprised
of dweebs losers jocks preps and newbies
the entire high school spectrum
different now but I feel they may soon
find their variable social statuses
leveling off under the threat of a
common enemy once the kids get their
violence out of their systems the day
gets underway we find KC spending his
lunch in the bleachers trying to keep a
low profile in order to survive on his
way back he finds an oddity on the
football field but has quickly run off
by the coach he brings his little
treasure to science class for mr.
furlong puts it under the scope and
suggests it may be a new species when it
gets doused with water it revives itself
and they all bask in its majesty as it
prances about the fish tank peacock and
like a boss at swim class star
quarterback Stan tells the coach and
he's quitting the team to focus on his
academics and the coach is
uncharacteristically supportive confused
but relieved he hits the showers flexing
them delts and has a disturbing
interaction with mrs. Brummel who's
desperate for a hug this is passed off
as an unfortunate side effect of her
cancer medication as school apps out
Delilah is fishing for a big story for
the front page of the school paper
so she in case he begins snooping around
the teachers lounge their investigation
is interrupted by visitors they witness
an odd interaction that culminates in
what appears to be an assault on nurse
Harper in their panic they also stumble
upon mrs. Brummel's corpse which alerts
the others
their presence however they're able to
push past and escape Casey returns with
the police but the scenes been cleaned
and the plausible explanations provided
nurse Harper is epileptic she's prone to
groundballs
she had an attack and when Miss Drake
converts one of the officers in her
office
Casey realizes he's basically on his own
at home he is punished severely losing
all his privileges including his porno
hammam he a boy's got a squirt this
lockdown also ensures his return to
school the next day when he gets there
he meets up with Delilah they noticed
people acting strange at school and
don't know who to trust her intent is to
start by enlisting to help her boyfriend
Stan who along with classmate Stokely
also noticed some odd happenings at the
school like mandated ear exams for
students and faculty with police
presence Delilah and Casey find them and
take them on his confidence outside Zeke
and Marybeth are getting to know each
other when Zeke a student of human
nature also begins to notice unusual
behavior all around this is punctuated
by a confrontation with miss Burke
appearing decidedly less bookish than
normal and acting unnaturally aggressive
I'll be sucking my toast on graduation
miss Burke Casey and Stokely lead the
group to mr. furlongs classroom to
revisit the specimen but it's gone they
reveal their working theory that Body
Snatcher style aliens are taking over
their town just in time to get goofed on
by Zeke who is restocking his drug lab
paraphernalia in the adjacent room when
mr. furlong arrives
Zeke jokes around with him about their
silly conspiracy theory but mr. Furlan
gets serious this prompts neke to create
a makeshift machete and remove a few
digits before I go Jing him with some
pixie dust they find the powder creased
an extreme negative reaction inside our
moisture-rich alien friends they then
calmly navigate the halls beelining for
the parking lot and arriving at Zeke's
house where we learn on bose got a
variety of hobbies and interests here
they confirm the parasite host
relationship between the alien slugs in
the town's folk and that the diuretic
properties of his caffeine based nose
candy are intolerable to them with
nothing more to go on becoming knowledge
they assume finding and killing the
Queen will return everyone to normal but
first a training day scenario as they
all have to get Krunk to prove their
untainted this reduces their group by
one as Delilah reveals herself to have
worms before trashing the lab and
cutting out they take the remaining
supply and head to the homecoming game
where the whole town is congregating to
watch their local boys dominate and
convert the opposition this is also the
part of movie where earth sure gets to
play his dream role playing at being a
hard-ass they head to the gym where
they're immediately
confronted by mystery who they had
assumed to be the Queen Zeke is
confident enough to aerate her forehead
and hen Marybeth gets a little
overzealous using most of the stash to
kill her when Stan goes to check on the
others there are strong indicators that
their plan was unsuccessful this is
confirmed for the rest when they're
smart enough not to let stand in until
he takes the test
unfortunately he uses up the last of the
scat they had on hand hoping to find a
few errant doses still in his cars he
can Casey go out to acquire it Casey
provides a distraction narrowly keeping
ahead of the mob while Zeke gets to his
car and finds a few hits on the
floorboard but before he can get back he
has to deal with this berth and ops for
the now-standard move of intentionally
wrecking his car back at the gym during
casual conversation Marybeth takes an
oddly Pro pod people Stan's outing
herself as the Queen she chases them to
the locker room and Zeke arrives in the
midst of a confusing situation in which
the girls are fingering each other with
no obvious way to determine who is the
alien why are you naked we see that
Marybeth cheated the test making us all
look like fools in the process and that
she got to Stokely in the locker room
Stokely is quickly caged in our queen
makes quick work of Zeke Casey that
lures her out with his sweet soft
water-filled body so welcoming and cozy
it leads this big [ __ ] through the
retracting bleachers he makes it out
just in time to pin her providing an
easy target for some scat and this time
confirmation comes instantly as these
slugs she sneezed into his face with her
one month later we find investigations
ongoing in a world gone mad with jock
stating losers and dweebs kickin it with
fat hotties and that was the faculty a
film so rich in plot it was hard to fit
most of it in here if you haven't seen
it it's very much worth watching if you
enjoyed the video I'd love for you
become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching